# wsl_dev-1_ubuntu-20.04
Repo for setting up my local development environmet in WSL (v2) using Ubuntu 20.04 release 

**Backstory**
I've always been heavily involved with the devolopers and development teams in the organizations I worked with. Eventually, after a few years working in SMB/Enterprise IT industries. I would beoome an experienced Architect designing, deploying and teaching young(and older) admins how to administrate virtual machines with-in and how to maintain the infrastrucutre which hosts. Enterprise virtual environments in hypervisors like VMware, Hyper-V, and converged/hyper-converged architectures like Cisco UCS and Nutanix/VxRails. This included the storeage and networking compenents as well. Which is how I leveled up to Architect (title) but also experience level so quickly. In the past this was a lot more difficult to do, from what i've been told. Unless consulting or working as a contractor and had access to all of this technology along with the trust that you wouldnt break anything. You wouldnt be able to learn all of it without paying 20k buying the training. I as basically being groomed by multiple organizations to be ready for this era of technology. If even I didnt know it, and they didnt know it. I am grateful for this and remind myself all the time how lucky i am to be given so much opportunity.

**Reference to knowing enough to know i know very little in the world of devops:**
When it came to devops in the past. I was very familiar with the tools and the platforms that were used just not the code. So far. NHow that i've made this leap into Devops, fulltime. I can now see that the rack stacking, design/deploy/manage workflows and processes from the infrastucture deployment models of the traditional data center operations playbooks to be overly complicated, time consuming and just not efficient or sustainable. Both from a financial and human resource aspect. I used to look at the devops world like an alien planet. Far distant and unknown and most likely never to be known, truthful facts, about what goes on in that world. Just the stories and conspiracy theories that i get from Owne Benjamin podcasts and such. **#DaBearJewBear** Automation, Devops, CI/CD, Cloud, these are all 'The Buzz' words we know and hear from all the big wigs in any fortune 500 organization. Yet they don't understand this is a cultural change. A movement of sorts and I wish I would have hopped on this train years ago. I'm happy to be a part of it. I'm even more happy to play a role as a leader. **#Levelup Technology** **#Red Hat OpenShift** **#Red Hat Ansible** 

**Thank you to those who helped me in my jorney**
I want to say thank you to those who helped me in my career and a lot of you are still my very close friends today. I couldn't imagine doing anything in IT without the stories we share, the experiences we created and all of the knowledge we were able to teach each other. Even if mine wasn't as technical, I know we learned from each other. For sake of privacy, I won't explicitly name anyone. Though if I shared this with you. You know you were one of them. 
